everyone we're at Burger Time Machine
Grill in Denton Texas there's the front
there's a sign it's a little dark a
little nighttime but uh we're hungry so
we're gonna come in here and see what
they got
so first thing we notice when we get in
here stupid Billy's playing video games
joysticks destroyed this place is pretty
neat-looking some pool tables here is
that a some kind of car midget hanging
out the top here
some movie posters stuff it's the menu
actually have a terminator a galaxy
burger a Star Wars burger no why don't
you just tell everyone what you got so
this is a burger in they mix the cheese
inside the meat they also put a cheese
right on top of it now mayor socks want
people to see how much salt you put on
your food that's ridiculous that's
ridiculous
Christopher Christians like that all
right take a bite
it's kind of water butter whatever it is
that means it's good then all right
alright guys I went with the chili
cheeseburger looks like a brain from
this angle do that still smoking that's
hot I'm gonna burn the roof of my mouth
doing no nuts blow on that little bit
just like a blower mom then you can blow
on okay chili cheeseburger
this is Plain Jane it's me cheese and
chili let's see I didn't know you like
the chili yeah like chili Chili's nuts
in the mouth stupid
and better than Wienerschnitzel forwards
I'd say better than Winterson so that's
a bit of good it is kind of Whataburger
s can I taste I think it's the bonds of
do it
that's pretty good burger time machine
Denny you guys are out this way or
passing through check house not bad like
passing through these nuts so we just
left burger time machine
hey once you tell everybody what you did
really this freakin monkey decided that
I usually can leave his trash on the
table he's too good to clean up after
himself it's not what I did that's
exactly what you did what happened then
I was going to the door to get my drink
and then you started acting like a baby
this is what you sounded like this year
I got a question why were you going to
the door to get your drink why was your
drink at the door oh really
what a what a freaking like uncouth no
man you're freaking mother would be
ashamed of you look at you the hell you
do I did you can't even throw your own
fucking trash away yeah what why did you
throw your trash away in Seoul making me
hard asshole hey first of all get your
fucking shirt off the dash secondly go
get that cup off the antenna what is the
matter with you get the cup off the
antenna now dude now No get it off